Reading: Stock & Watson 6.1-6.4 1. What are the two requirements for omitted variable bias to be a problem?2. What is the formula for omitted variable bias?3. How can we lower omitted variable bias without running a multiple regression model?4. Write a linear equation that relates wages to gender, age and education. Take a guess for the likely signs of each of these variables.5. What variables might be omitted from your equation that could be biasing the effect of gender on wages?6. Right down the term for bias created by what you left out.7. How can we remedy this situation and find a better estimate of the effect of gender on wages?8. How can we minimize errors in this multiple variable context?9. What is the difference between R^2 and adjusted R^2?10. How can you interpret R^2 in the multiple linear regression model.Reading: Stock & Watson 6.5-6.7 11. Can we ever be sure that the first assumption of multiple linear regression holds without randomization?12. The second and third assumption are essentially the same as in the single variable case, what is the fourth assumption?13. Why is it not so surprising that the central limit theorem applies in the multiple linear regression case?14. The most common cause of perfect multicollinearity is the dummy variable trap. What is the dummy variable trap?15. Why is imperfect multicollinearity a problem? Is it a problem if we have a large enough sample size? Use the variance formula in your answer.16. Look up the Frisch Waugh lovell theorem on google. What is this theorem?17. How does this demonstrate the held constant principle of multiple linear regression?Readings: Stock & Watson Chapter 7.1-7.41. Is there anything especially different about testing a single estimate hypothesis in a multivariate model?2. Is there anything especially different about creating a single estimate confidence interval in a multivariate model?3. What would be the correct interpretation of an f-test on the set of regressors in a model?4. Why is it not appropriate to jointly test that every estimate is equal to zero but individually testing each estimate with a t-test?5. How many sets of degrees of freedom are involved in a f-statistic?6. Why might you want to test the hypothesis that two regression coefficients are equal?\7. Why might you want to construct a confidence set?