Cunningham DAG’s 1.	What is a backdoor path?2.	What is the difference between a closed and open backdoor path?3.	What is a collider variable?4.	Why shouldn’t you control for colliders?5.	Right down a DAG for the following variables on infant mortality using your own intuition: fertility drugs, number of fetuses in pregnancy (plurality), birth month, low birth weight, use of inducement drugs.6.	Which variables should you control for if you want to know the effect of fertility on infant mortality?7.	What about inducement drugs?8.	Right down a DAG for the following variables on teen fertility: parent’s education, contraceptive use, whether the teen goes to college.9.	We want to know to what parent’s education effects teen fertility, should we control for whether the teen goes to college?10.	We want see if there’s a relationship between gun ownership and gun related deaths. We have the following variables at hand, person i’s gun ownership, average violence in person i’s community, average drug sales in person’s I’s community, person I’s education level, average education level of person I’s community, and person I’s mental health. Build a DAG to map out the relationship between gun ownership and person I suffering a gun related death.11.	We want to see how wages in a city effects whether or not someone immigrates to that city. What variables would you include in this model? Based on the variables you choose, write a DAG and what controls would you include?12.	You’re doing a market analysis about how price/earnings ratio effects long term profits of a company. What variables would you include in this model? Based on the variables you choose, write a DAG and what controls would you include?13.	You want to test how economic activity effects fertility. What variables would you include in this model? Based on the variables you choose, write a DAG and what controls would you include?14.	You want to know how ad spending effects political candidates’ chances of winning.   What variables would you include in this model? Based on the variables you choose, write a DAG and what controls would you include?15.	You want to test how stimulus spending effect economic activity. What variables would you include in this model? Based on the variables you choose, write a DAG and what controls would you include?16.	You want to test how SAT scores effect the ranking of college accepted to. What variables would you include in this model? Based on the variables you choose, write a DAG and what controls would you include?